# algotecture

The [AlgoTecture](https://algotecture.com/ "algotecture's Homepage") radically simplifies collaborative design, construction and operation processes by providing an intelligent framework.

From the point of view of the user, the sophisticated performative design process becomes commonplace in the algorithmic environment in relation architecture and engineering, as well as accelerating information exchange. An efficient design explicitly processes interoperability strategies and methods, where the choice of interoperability strategy has a significant impact on the implementation of interdisciplinary processes in the algorithmic sustainability concept and should therefore be analyzed and evaluated mindfully through further benchmarking. A wrong interpretation of the proposed methods can increase considerably risks of misalignment and consequently increase the cost of the design processes and construction.

Interdisciplinary working is the key to the new approach of designing new kinds of buildings. Being a very challenging matter, this needs to be rethought from a new perspective, where the entire design process is observed from quantification, which leads to closer investigation of the parsing algorithms. Consequently information will be compared through the usage of the interoperability concept. By following already available technologies such as IFC databases, the contribution is a model based workflow, which becomes computational based rather than human based. Evaluating a value of interdisciplinary collaboration, Algorithmic impact, Measurable interdisciplinary. Algorithmic sustainability. Gaps between current performance and industry benchmarks and better practices should be identified, documented, and targeted for improvement.
